docs: refactor the docs associated with Logger (#6415)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/error-log-logger.md

## Summary

> - [Summary](#summary)

Reviewer: Not required!

- [Name](#name)
- [Attributes](#attributes)
  - [Attributes](#attributes-1)

>   - [Attributes(Batch-processor)](#attributesbatch-processor)

Reviewer: This doesn't look good. How about adding a batch processor entry with the relevant hyperlink as an entry of the attributes table?

## Attributes

### Attributes

> 

Reviewer: Feel free to remove this header as it is already under the Attributes label.

| timeout                          | integer | optional    | 3                              | [1,...] | Timeout for the upstream to connect and send, unit: second.                                          |
| keepalive                        | integer | optional    | 30                             | [1,...] | Time for keeping the cosocket alive, unit: second.                                                   |
| level                            | string  | optional    | WARN                           |         | The filter's log level, default warn, choose the level in ["STDERR", "EMERG", "ALERT", "CRIT", "ERR", "ERROR", "WARN", "NOTICE", "INFO", "DEBUG"], the value ERR equals ERROR.         |

> This plug-in supports the use of batch processors to aggregate and process entries(logs/data) in a batch. This avoids frequent data submissions by the plugin, which by default the batch processor submits data every '5' seconds or when the data in the queue reaches '1000'. for information or custom batch processor parameter settings, see [Batch-Processor](../batch-processor.md#configuration) configuration section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin supports the use of batch processors to aggregate and process entries(logs/data) in a batch. This avoids frequent data submissions by the plugin, which by default the batch processor submits data every `5` seconds or when the data in the queue reaches `1000`. for information or custom batch processor parameter settings, see [Batch-Processor](../batch-processor.md#configuration) configuration section.
```

| timeout                          | integer | optional    | 3                              | [1,...] | Timeout for the upstream to connect and send, unit: second.                                          |
| keepalive                        | integer | optional    | 30                             | [1,...] | Time for keeping the cosocket alive, unit: second.                                                   |
| level                            | string  | optional    | WARN                           |         | The filter's log level, default warn, choose the level in ["STDERR", "EMERG", "ALERT", "CRIT", "ERR", "ERROR", "WARN", "NOTICE", "INFO", "DEBUG"], the value ERR equals ERROR.         |

> ### Attributes(Batch-processor)

Reviewer 3: The doc doesn't make it clear what's batch processor attributes and why we need it in the logger...
